Eck 3.5.0 release (#7590)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/license/manage-your-license-in-eck.md

The {{es}} `_license` API for versions before 8.0.0 reports a Platinum license level for backwards compatibility even if an Enterprise license is installed.
::::

> ::::{note}
> {applies_to}`eck: ga 3.5` Keeping the license secret in the operator's namespace is especially important when [dynamic namespace handling](../deploy/cloud-on-k8s/dynamic-namespace-handling.md) is enabled: the operator's namespace is always in scope, so the license can never be off-boarded together with a managed namespace. Refer to [License handling](../deploy/cloud-on-k8s/dynamic-namespace-handling.md#k8s-dynamic-namespace-handling-license) for details.
> ::::

Reviewer: if we say that the license secret must be in the operator's namespace, is this note still relevant? to me, it hints that technically other namespaces are possible homes for the license by existing

if we want to keep it, we can either drop the applicability (the target page carries it - preferred) or put it in the note heading

```suggestion
::::{note}
Keeping the license secret in the operator's namespace is especially important when [dynamic namespace handling](../deploy/cloud-on-k8s/dynamic-namespace-handling.md) is enabled: the operator's namespace is always in scope, so the license can never be offboarded together with a managed namespace. Refer to [License handling](../deploy/cloud-on-k8s/dynamic-namespace-handling.md#k8s-dynamic-namespace-handling-license) for details.
::::
```

```suggestion
::::{note}
:applies_to: eck: ga 3.5

Keeping the license secret in the operator's namespace is especially important when [dynamic namespace handling](../deploy/cloud-on-k8s/dynamic-namespace-handling.md) is enabled: the operator's namespace is always in scope, so the license can never be offboarded together with a managed namespace. Refer to [License handling](../deploy/cloud-on-k8s/dynamic-namespace-handling.md#k8s-dynamic-namespace-handling-license) for details.
::::
```
